Property Summary Extension (#413) (#416)
radiantearth/stac-spec: extensions/non-common/README.md

> # Non-Common Properties Extension Specification (`-`)

Reviewer: Rename?

Author: Yes, but there are still a lot more things to discuss, see #413.

**Extension [Maturity Classification](../README.md#extension-maturity): Proposal**

This extension lists all properties, which don't have common values across the items. It's the counterpart to the [Commons extension](../commons/), which lists properties with common values across all items.

> This extension allows specifying the potential values or extents so that user's don't need to walk through STAC Items to find potential values to query for. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This extension allows specifying the potential values or extents so that users don't need to walk through STAC Items to find potential values to query for. 
```

- [Example](example.json)
- [JSON Schema](schema.json)

## Collection fields

| Field Name       | Type                        | Description                                                  |
| ---------------- | --------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |

> | other_properties | Map<string, Summary Object> | **REQUIRED.** A map of all properties used in STAC Items, which don't have common values across all items. The keys have to be the property names and the values allow to specify a summary of the values in the items as extent or set of values. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| other_properties | Map<string, Summary Object> | **REQUIRED.** A map of all properties used in STAC Items which don't have common values across all items. The keys must be the property names and the values are allowed to specify a summary of the values in the items as extents or sets of values. |
```
